                          _________  ___  _______      
   \~=._      _.=~/      /   _____/ |   | \      \       \~=._      _.=~/ 
    \   ~=__=~   /       \_____  \  |   | /   |   \       \   ~=__=~   /
     \_.=~  ~=._/        /        \ |   |/    |    \       \_.=~  ~=._/ 
 _.=~ \        / ~=._   /_______  / |___|\____|__  /    .=~ \        / ~=.
L------\------/------7          \/               \/   L------\------/------7
        \    /                                                \    / 
         \  /             http://www.sinnerz.com               \  /   
          \/                                                    \/



   What is the worst feeling in the world?  Well there are a couple of things
that are uncomfortable, like wearing boxers in 100 degree weather, or having 
a hardon while wearing tight pants.  There are things that are upsetting like 
feeling sick as shit after getting really fucked up, or puking from drinking 
too much.  And then there are thing which are just excruciatingly painful, 
like blue balls.  Yes blue balls.  So what are blue balls, well you can get 
blue balls different ways.  You can be fucking your girlfriend and then all 
of a sudden stop and your shit is just sitting there in your balls, thats kinda 
uncomfortable.  Your girlfriend could be going down on you and then all of a 
sudden just stop.  Thats uncomfortable too, and it usually is really fucking 
annoying.  And then there's the hell painful blue balls.  The kind you get 
from cuming way too much.  Usually you'll be good to go 3 or 4 times and then 
your just drained, and don't want to move.  I remember one day last week my 
girlfriend was really fucking horny and we screwed literally 30 times in one 
day.  I was in so much fucking pain the next day that I couldn't go to work.  
But just so you don't get that same problem, I will tell you how to help 
relieve most of the pain from cuming way too much.

1. Drink plenty of fluids, no alcohol though.
2. Take a cool bath or go for a swin for a while.  This way your balls don't 
just hang, they kind of float in the water, so there isn't too much stress on 
them.
3. Have you girlfriend make up for putting you through so much pain by having 
her suck you off, but tell her not too hard or else you'll be in even more pain.

Just follow those easy steps if you have blue balls and it will be all good 
for you.  Laterz.

Soul Tear