+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|S|-------[The Holy Bible © 1997-1998 Self-Induced Negativity]-------------| 
+-+---------------------------[You Annoy Me]-------------------------------+ 
|I|-----------------------[By: Fucking Hostile]----------------------------|
+-+--------------------[Released: August 19, 1998]-------------------------+
|N|----------------------[http://www.sinnerz.com]--------------------------|
+-+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

I guess i'm gonna touch on a sensitive issue here to some people. But fuck it
I feel the need to say something about this and I will. I am sick of all the
people out there who constantly bitch about how the white people oppressed
them or some shit like that. I'm not a racist person... but I think that 
enough is enough ya know?

Look at all the things black people have that white people could never have
or they would be considered racist. They have a black history month or week..
whatever it is. And BET (Black Entertainment). We could never have a white
history week or a white entertainment channel... that would be considered
racist. I just think that is totally fucking pointless. I don't think there
should be a white history week or white entertainment channel.. but I also
don't think there should be a black one or one for any other race. Let's
think about it for a second. People want to stop segregation but they decide
they need to seperate things by color when it comes to TV or history? 

Another thing that kinda bugs me... for all the free speech shit out there.
Why is it that MTV will put on rap videos with the rapers talking about how
they hate white people... but if there was a video with white people talking
about how they hate black people you would never see it on TV. Once again
before people start sending me tons of mail bitching about my comments... I 
am not saying there should be this shit on TV... but why is one considered
right and the other wrong?

I think black people need to stop blaming white people for slavery also. Why?
Because the black people who were slaves were sold as slaves from Africa by
black people! They were already slaves in Africa when they were sold to the
white people. It had nothing to do with color to the people who sold them. 
It just had to do with them being born as slaves (just a lil note here so
people don't bitch at me some more... yes im sure there are some slaves who
were just captured by white people... my point is... you can't blame just
white people). Also.. while hanging out in New Orleans i discovered something
I did not previously know... free black people who lived in the south also
owned slaves. 

All thru history there have been slaves. Not just black slaves... many Greeks
found themselves slaves to the Romans when they conqoured Greece. And there
have been slaves in many other cultures too. My point is drop the whole 
bullshit whining story on slaves and on color all together. Cut any of us
and we all bleed the same red blood.... except Delirium who's veins flow with
brown shit...